.\" bunny.1 - man page for the Bunny CLI
.TH BUNNY 1 "2026-04-08" "bunny" "Bunny CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
bunny \- manage bunny.net resources from the command line
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bunny
.RI [ command ]
.RI [ subcommand ]
.RI [ flags ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bunny
is a command-line interface for the bunny.net CDN platform. It provides
access to pull zones, storage zones, DNS zones, video streaming, edge
scripting, and Shield security features through the bunny.net API.
.PP
Before using most commands, configure authentication with
.BR "bunny configure" .
.SH GLOBAL FLAGS
These flags apply to all commands:
.TP
.BI \-\-api\-key " string"
bunny.net API key. Overrides config file and
.B BUNNY_API_KEY
environment variable.
.TP
.BI \-\-output " string"
Output format:
.BR table " (default),"
.BR json ", or"
.BR json\-pretty .
.TP
.BI \-f ", " \-\-field " string"
Comma-separated list of fields to display in output.
.TP
.BI \-\-jq " string"
Filter JSON output with a jq expression (built-in, no external
.BR jq (1)
required).
.SH COMMANDS
.SS Configuration
.TP
.B bunny configure
Interactive setup wizard. Prompts for API key.
Saves to
.IR ~/.config/bunny/config.toml .
.SS Pull Zones
.TP
.B bunny pullzones list
List pull zones. Supports
.BR \-\-search ,
.BR \-\-limit ,
and
.BR \-\-all .
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones get " id
Show pull zone details. Supports
.BR \-\-watch .
.TP
.B bunny pullzones create
Create a pull zone with
.BR \-\-name ,
.BR \-\-origin\-url ,
.BR \-\-type ,
or
.BR \-\-from\-file .
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones update " id
Update a pull zone.
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones delete " id
Delete a pull zone. Requires
.BR \-\-yes .
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones hostnames list " pull_zone_id
List hostnames for a pull zone.
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones hostnames add " pull_zone_id
Add a hostname with
.BR \-\-hostname .
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones hostnames remove " pull_zone_id
Remove a hostname.
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones purge " pull_zone_id
Purge the cache. Optionally filter by
.BR \-\-tag .
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones edge\-rules list " pull_zone_id
List edge rules.
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones edge\-rules add " pull_zone_id
Add or update an edge rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones edge\-rules delete " "pull_zone_id edge_rule_id"
Delete an edge rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones edge\-rules enable " "pull_zone_id edge_rule_id"
Enable an edge rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny pullzones edge\-rules disable " "pull_zone_id edge_rule_id"
Disable an edge rule.
.SS Storage Zones
.TP
.B bunny storagezones list
List storage zones. Supports
.BR \-\-search ,
.BR \-\-limit ,
.BR \-\-all ,
and
.BR \-\-include\-deleted .
.TP
.BI "bunny storagezones get " id
Show storage zone details.
.TP
.B bunny storagezones create
Create a storage zone with
.BR \-\-name ,
.BR \-\-region ,
.BR \-\-replication\-regions ,
.BR \-\-zone\-tier .
.TP
.BI "bunny storagezones update " id
Update a storage zone.
.TP
.BI "bunny storagezones delete " id
Delete a storage zone.
.TP
.BI "bunny storagezones reset\-password " id
Reset the storage zone password.
.SS Edge Storage
.TP
.BI "bunny storage ls " zone/path
List files in a storage zone directory.
.TP
.BI "bunny storage cp " "src dst"
Copy files to or from Edge Storage. If
.I src
is a local file, uploads it; otherwise downloads.
.TP
.BI "bunny storage rm " zone/path
Delete a file from Edge Storage.
.PP
Edge Storage commands use per-zone passwords. Override with
.B \-\-hostname
and
.BR \-\-password .
.SS DNS Zones
.TP
.B bunny dns list
List DNS zones. Supports
.BR \-\-search ,
.BR \-\-limit ,
and
.BR \-\-all .
.TP
.BI "bunny dns get " id
Show DNS zone details.
.TP
.B bunny dns create
Create a DNS zone with
.BR \-\-domain .
.TP
.BI "bunny dns update " id
Update DNS zone settings.
.TP
.BI "bunny dns delete " id
Delete a DNS zone.
.TP
.BI "bunny dns import " zone_id
Import DNS records from a zone file with
.BR \-\-file .
.TP
.BI "bunny dns export " zone_id
Export DNS zone to zone file format.
.TP
.BI "bunny dns records list " zone_id
List DNS records in a zone.
.TP
.BI "bunny dns records add " zone_id
Add a DNS record with
.BR \-\-type ,
.BR \-\-name ,
.BR \-\-value .
.TP
.BI "bunny dns records update " "zone_id record_id"
Update a DNS record.
.TP
.BI "bunny dns records delete " "zone_id record_id"
Delete a DNS record.
.TP
.BI "bunny dns dnssec enable " zone_id
Enable DNSSEC for a zone.
.TP
.BI "bunny dns dnssec disable " zone_id
Disable DNSSEC for a zone.
.SS Stream (Video)
.TP
.B bunny stream libraries list
List video libraries.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream libraries get " id
Show video library details.
.TP
.B bunny stream libraries create
Create a video library.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream libraries update " id
Update a video library.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream libraries delete " id
Delete a video library.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream libraries reset\-api\-key " id
Reset the API key for a video library.
.TP
.B bunny stream libraries languages
List available languages.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos list " library_id
List videos in a library.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos get " "library_id video_id"
Show video details.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos create " library_id
Create a video record.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos update " "library_id video_id"
Update a video.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos delete " "library_id video_id"
Delete a video.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos upload " "library_id file"
Upload a video file.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos fetch " library_id
Fetch a video from a URL with
.BR \-\-url .
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos reencode " "library_id video_id"
Reencode a video.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream videos transcribe " "library_id video_id"
Transcribe a video.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream collections list " library_id
List collections.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream collections get " "library_id collection_id"
Show collection details.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream collections create " library_id
Create a collection.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream collections update " "library_id collection_id"
Update a collection.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream collections delete " "library_id collection_id"
Delete a collection.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream captions add " "library_id video_id"
Add a caption track.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream captions delete " "library_id video_id"
Delete a caption track.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream statistics " library_id
Get video library statistics.
.TP
.BI "bunny stream heatmap " "library_id video_id"
Get video heatmap data.
.SS Edge Scripts
.TP
.B bunny scripts list
List edge scripts.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts get " id
Show edge script details.
.TP
.B bunny scripts create
Create an edge script.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts update " id
Update an edge script.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts delete " id
Delete an edge script.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts code get " id
Download script code.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts code set " id
Upload script code from
.BR \-\-file .
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts publish " script_id
Publish a new release.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts releases list " script_id
List releases.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts releases active " script_id
Show the active release.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts statistics " id
Get script statistics.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts rotate\-key " id
Rotate the deployment key.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts variables list " script_id
List variables.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts variables get " "script_id variable_id"
Get a variable.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts variables add " script_id
Add a variable.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts variables update " "script_id variable_id"
Update a variable.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts variables delete " "script_id variable_id"
Delete a variable.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts secrets list " script_id
List secrets.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts secrets add " script_id
Add a secret.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts secrets update " "script_id secret_id"
Update a secret.
.TP
.BI "bunny scripts secrets delete " "script_id secret_id"
Delete a secret.
.SS Shield (Security)
.TP
.B bunny shield zones list
List Shield zones.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield zones get " shield_zone_id
Show Shield zone details.
.TP
.B bunny shield zones create
Create a Shield zone for a pull zone.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield zones update " shield_zone_id
Update Shield zone settings (WAF, DDoS, learning mode).
.TP
.BI "bunny shield zones get\-by\-pullzone " pull_zone_id
Get Shield zone by pull zone ID.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield waf rules list " shield_zone_id
List WAF rules.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield waf custom\-rules list " shield_zone_id
List custom WAF rules.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield waf custom\-rules get " id
Get custom WAF rule details.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield waf custom\-rules create"
Create a custom WAF rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield waf custom\-rules update " id
Update a custom WAF rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield waf custom\-rules delete " id
Delete a custom WAF rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield waf triggered list " shield_zone_id
List triggered WAF rules.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield waf triggered update " shield_zone_id
Update a triggered WAF rule action.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield rate\-limits list " shield_zone_id
List rate limit rules.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield rate\-limits get " id
Get rate limit rule details.
.TP
.B bunny shield rate\-limits create
Create a rate limit rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield rate\-limits update " id
Update a rate limit rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield rate\-limits delete " id
Delete a rate limit rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield access\-lists list " shield_zone_id
List access lists.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield access\-lists get " "shield_zone_id id"
Get access list details.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield access\-lists create " shield_zone_id
Create an access list.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield access\-lists update " "shield_zone_id id"
Update an access list.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield access\-lists delete " "shield_zone_id id"
Delete an access list.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield access\-lists config update " "shield_zone_id config_id"
Update access list configuration.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield bot\-detection get " shield_zone_id
Get bot detection configuration.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield bot\-detection update " shield_zone_id
Update bot detection configuration.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield upload\-scanning get " shield_zone_id
Get upload scanning configuration.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield upload\-scanning update " shield_zone_id
Update upload scanning configuration.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield event\-logs " "shield_zone_id date"
Get Shield event logs for a date (YYYY-MM-DD).
.TP
.BI "bunny shield metrics overview " shield_zone_id
Get Shield metrics overview.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield metrics detailed " shield_zone_id
Get detailed Shield metrics.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield metrics rate\-limits " shield_zone_id
Get rate limit metrics.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield metrics waf\-rule " "shield_zone_id rule_id"
Get metrics for a specific WAF rule.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield metrics bot\-detection " shield_zone_id
Get bot detection metrics.
.TP
.BI "bunny shield metrics upload\-scanning " shield_zone_id
Get upload scanning metrics.
.SS Account
.TP
.B bunny account api\-keys list
List API keys.
.TP
.BI "bunny account audit\-log " date
Get audit log entries for a date (YYYY-MM-DD).
.SS Billing
.TP
.B bunny billing summary
Get per-pullzone billing summary.
.TP
.B bunny billing details
Get billing details and monthly charges.
.TP
.B bunny billing records
List billing records/transactions.
.TP
.BI "bunny billing invoice " billing_record_id
Download a billing invoice PDF.
.SS Statistics
.TP
.B bunny statistics
Get global CDN statistics. Supports
.BR \-\-date\-from ,
.BR \-\-date\-to ,
.BR \-\-hourly ,
.BR \-\-pull\-zone .
.SS Utilities
.TP
.B bunny regions
List available CDN regions.
.TP
.B bunny countries
List countries.
.SS Shell Completion
.TP
.B bunny completion bash
Generate Bash completion script.
.TP
.B bunny completion zsh
Generate Zsh completion script.
.TP
.B bunny completion fish
Generate Fish completion script.
.TP
.B bunny completion powershell
Generate PowerShell completion script.
.SS Skill (AI Agent)
.TP
.B bunny skill
Print the embedded AI skill reference document.
.TP
.B bunny skill install
Install the skill to the Claude Code skills directory.
.TP
.B bunny skill uninstall
Remove the installed skill.
.TP
.B bunny skill path
Print the skill installation path.
.SS Version
.TP
.B bunny version
Print the version of bunny-cli.
.SH COMMON FLAGS
Many commands share the following flags:
.SS List Commands
.TP
.BI \-\-limit " int"
Maximum number of results to return (default 20).
.TP
.B \-\-all
Fetch all pages of results.
.TP
.BI \-\-search " string"
Filter results by search term.
.SS Get Commands
.TP
.BI \-\-watch " duration"
Poll for updates on an interval (e.g.,
.BR 5s ,
.BR 1m ).
.SS Destructive Commands
.TP
.B \-\-yes
Skip interactive confirmation prompt.
.SS Create/Update Commands
.TP
.BI \-\-from\-file " path"
Load request body from a JSON file. CLI flags override file values.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-input
Skip interactive prompts when fields are missing.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration is stored in
.IR ~/.config/bunny/config.toml .
Run
.B bunny configure
to set it up interactively.
.PP
Example config file:
.PP
.RS
.nf
api_key = "your-api-key"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Configuration precedence (highest to lowest):
.IP 1. 4
Command-line flags
.IP 2. 4
Environment variables
.IP 3. 4
Config file
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B BUNNY_API_KEY
bunny.net API key.
.SH EXAMPLES
Configure the CLI:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny configure
.fi
.RE
.PP
List pull zones as JSON:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny pullzones list \-\-output json
.fi
.RE
.PP
Get a pull zone showing only name and origin URL:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny pullzones get 12345 \-f Name,OriginUrl
.fi
.RE
.PP
Create a pull zone from a JSON file:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny pullzones create \-\-from\-file pullzone.json
.fi
.RE
.PP
Purge cache for a pull zone:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny pullzones purge 12345 \-\-yes
.fi
.RE
.PP
Upload a file to Edge Storage:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny storage cp ./index.html my\-zone/www/index.html
.fi
.RE
.PP
Use jq to extract pull zone names:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny pullzones list \-\-jq '.[].Name'
.fi
.RE
.PP
Deploy an edge script:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny scripts code set 789 \-\-file worker.js
$ bunny scripts publish 789 \-\-note "v2.0 release"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Watch a pull zone for changes:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny pullzones get 12345 \-\-watch 10s
.fi
.RE
.PP
Generate Zsh completions:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ bunny completion zsh > "${fpath[1]}/_bunny"
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
General error (API error, invalid input, network failure).
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/bunny/config.toml
CLI configuration file (dir 0700, file 0600).
.SH NOTES
This is an unofficial, community-maintained CLI client and is not supported by
or affiliated with bunny.net.
.PP
Report bugs and feature requests at
.UR https://github.com/built-fast/bunny-cli/issues
GitHub
.UE .
.SH SEE ALSO
.UR https://docs.bunny.net/reference/bunnynet-api-overview
bunny.net API Documentation
.UE
.SH AUTHORS
BuiltFast.com
